1. Does the agreement specify a term of three years from the execution date?
2. Does the document specify that disputes will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Tokyo District Court?
3. Does the document require that one party indemnify the other for tax-related claims?
4. Does the agreement grant a non-transferable, exclusive license to distribute software within a specific geographic region?
5. Does the agreement grant one party the exclusive right to use the other party's identification?
6. Does the document mention a 'Quality Agreement'?
7. Does the document mention a 'Sales Term' that is defined in another agreement?
8. Does the document specify an effective term of 12 months?
9. Does the document mention a specific time limit for the payment of royalties after the end of each quarterly period?
10. Does the agreement permit either party to subcontract services to a third party without the prior consent of the other party?
11. Does the document include a non-compete clause restricting the parties' business activities?
12. Does the document contain confidentiality obligations that include a requirement for the receiving party to obtain written prior approval from the disclosing party before disclosing confidential information to a third party?
13. Does the document mention a party's obligation to provide a certain number of new products to the other party within a specific time frame?
14. Does the document mention guaranteed circulation numbers for newsletters?
15. Does the document discuss termination of the agreement upon payment of the aggregate amount of premiums paid under a policy?
16. Does the document discuss the protection and assignment of intellectual property rights?
17. Does the document contain a mutual non-disparagement agreement between two parties?
18. Does the document impose a requirement for the insured to provide a certificate of insurance evidencing coverage within thirty days of the full execution of the agreement?
19. Does the agreement specify that one party may terminate the agreement for any reason upon thirty days' notice?
20. Does the document specify that a party's intellectual property rights are jointly owned with the other party?
21. Does the document mention the transfer of intellectual property rights?
22. Does the document require a party to make available records and books for inspection by the other party?
23. Does the document describe an agreement between two parties where one party is responsible for paying royalties to the other?
24. Does the document mention automobile liability insurance?
25. Does the document describe an agreement that will automatically terminate in the event of its assignment?
26. Does the document describe a grant of intellectual property rights?
27. Does the document mention laws of the United States restricting business dealings with specific countries?
28. Does the document discuss the indemnification of a party for trademark infringement claims?
29. Does the document discuss the limitation of liability for indirect, incidental, consequential, special, reliance, or punitive damages?
30. Does the document allow for the substitution of properties with mutual agreement of the parties?
31. Does the agreement include a perpetual license to use software?
32. Does the document grant a license for the use of a name or likeness?
33. Does the document describe a contractual relationship that automatically renews on a yearly basis?
34. Does the document limit the liability of parties for incidental, indirect, special, consequential or punitive damages?
35. Does the agreement automatically renew for successive terms of one year?
36. Does the document allow the parties to assign or transfer their rights and obligations under the agreement to affiliates?
37. Does the document describe an agreement in which one party will provide services to secure contracts with music venues?
38. Does the contract require a minimum shipment of 10,000 pounds of commodities per year?
39. Does the document mention a specific payment rate per unit of energy generated?
40. Does the document specify that any dispute arising out of or in connection with the agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of New York?
